The 26th year of Longwu
Shocking news came from the north
Shilang led a great army south to attack Xuan Kingdom
Claiming to have 180,000 troops
Enough to drink the rivers dry
Their whips could block the flow
Now Wei Kingdom marches south
Claiming 180,000 armored soldiers
Brave generals like a forest
We truly cannot contend with them
Your servant believes
To shift the strategic focus
From Beiyu Pass to Tianhe
Then we can use the navy to defend
Would be the best strategy
Yes, yes
Chancellor Xie is indeed thoughtful
Your Majesty
Your servant wishes to impeach Xie Jian'an
With a great enemy at hand
Showing cowardice before battle
What is his intention?
Your Majesty
To just give Beiyu Pass to others
Your servant
Absolutely cannot accept
Exactly
We absolutely cannot accept
Censor Wang
This is truly treasonous
I ask you
Holding Beiyu Pass, the battle line is too long
For a large army to fight
How should supplies be provided?
Use the Qing Province canal
The late emperor spent his life building that canal
How
Can it not be used now?
Censor Wang is right
Foolhardy courage
This is reckless behavior
Will lead to disaster
Chancellor Xie is right
What should we do?
I think you're the one who's senile
How do you know without trying?
Truly forgetting one's ancestors